Training police is like moving a beach with a
teaspoon. I recognize it for what it is, it’s
one intervention. [laughing] It’s not like, “And
then it was fixed!” But they were forced to change
their policies around the search
and detentionof trans people.
I suppose I kept thinking,
the next trans woman to be arrested, hopefully
she’llbe treated well, and respected.
You know, even ifthat made a slim
difference for a second,
it was,you know, worth every second of this bullshit.
If it fixed something for one person and made
theirlife a little bit easier in contact with thepolice,
that would have been worth every single
thing that we had to go through.
Realistically speaking,
the only thing we can do is influencethese
really flawed institutions to, kind of,
do things a little bit better. Because I can’t see
in my lifetime police being dismantled. I think
we all felt that horribleness, that we were almost
defeated before we started. Because inside we were
saying, “No matter what we do, [laughs] no matter
how many minds we change, it’s still the structure
that exists that’s meant to control other
people’s behaviours and other people’s actions.”